[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Hi.
I'm Emery Smith, and
I have been involved
in undisclosed projects
within the government.
And today, I wanted to sit down
with a colleague and mentor
of mine, Randy Veitenheimer.
Thanks for coming, Randy.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
Pleasure to be here.
>>SMITH: Some of the
most interesting devices
and scientific advancements,
through my experience anyway,
has basically all been reverse
engineered alien reproduction
things, such as
craft and devices,
I mean, even the
common computer today
and cell phone technologies.
So through your
experiences, Randy,
what have you seen and noticed
that you could talk about?
>>VEITENHEIMER: To
me, the easiest one
would be to start with lasers.
Lasers kind of
burst on the scene.
And around 1963,
there was a monograph
that was printed
at Yale University
in the spring of '63.
I believe that's true.
And I was able to
get a copy of it.
And that summer, a friend
of mine and I read it.
We were both 13.
And so we built a laser.
What was interesting about it
is we didn't have much money
and cobbled together
some battery
packs from old
Graflex 500 cameras.
We got the flash tubes out.
We ordered a ruby rod synthetic.
Put the whole thing together.
So in the fall of
'63, my friend and I
invented a portable
laser, battery powered.
And people don't think about
the origins of all that.
But Russell Targ didn't
build his until like January,
because I asked him.
I said, hey, Russell, you're
kind of late to the game.
Right?
You came in on
January after that.
And he's like, I know.
And that was Stanford
Research Institute.
And at that point,
now it becomes
something of a phenomenon that
the scientific establishment
and the military and
everybody wants in on it.
And of course,
what we were doing
was popping balloons at
100 feet with our laser.
But the interesting thing
about that is the technology
appeared.
It's like you date
pre '63 no lasers OK?
So there's technology that's
basically working on sound.
That was Bell Labs and all that.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
And then the switch
occurred to work on light.
Right?
And so you have to ask like,
why are we working on light now?
Where did that whole
concept come from?
And it certainly, I don't think,
originated with the scientist,
and I can't remember
his name, that
wrote that monograph at Yale.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But so if
it didn't come from him,
then you have to start asking
like, what kind of sources
would finally put
out information
enough to be able to
create that technology
and bring it into reality?
And that is one of
the biggest problems
I have with
theoretical scientist
is that they should all
be married to an engineer.
Because without an engineer,
it's just all talk, talk, talk.
>>SMITH: That's right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So
I was one of those
that I'd look at something
and I wanted to make one.
That's it.
And that started pretty early.
So that was one of
the technologies
that I became enamored with.
>>SMITH: Could you say that's
maybe these technologies
that these corporations
had may be acquired
from maybe some downed craft or
something from un-Earth origin,
or even better yet,
something that was dug up?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Just
historically, you
go back to Helios, and
you go back to Egypt,
and they were doing
things with light.
Right?
And we don't know what
all they were doing.
But what happens
is every time you
have a thought or every
time you have an idea,
the question is, do you
have it or does it have you?
Did that idea come to you?
That's what Einstein said.
That's what Tesla, all of
them, they kept notebooks
right beside their bed.
They said the
information came to them.
So that's one of the things
I've been tracking is,
how is that knowledge
accumulated?
Who uploads it?
And what's our access?
So I came up with an idea.
I call it approximate
reality, the ability
to go into the morphic
field or into the collective
consciousness and
actually pinpoint
where that knowledge is.
And then if you go into ETs
or ancient civilizations
either one, you have
to come to the point
that you realize they were
uploading that information.
Now people from the
past uploaded it.
People working today on
various science projects
are uploading information.
And then why not other
cultures, others societies,
other civilizations?
And there you go.
Now they have loaded that
information into the field.
So why don't we access that?
And because nobody ever
thought about accessing it
as a database.
They just think
about it as something
out there that, all of a
sudden, I had a brilliant idea.
>>SMITH: Oh, it was all mine.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah,
it was all mine, yeah.
>>SMITH: Or I read a something.
How long do you think
here, just on planet Earth,
that these things were
probably hanging out maybe not
discovered yet, but are there?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The problem
is the cyclical nature
of the universe.
We go around the sun every year.
We come back to more or
less the same position.
I know it's a
spiral, but same day.
It's Groundhog Day
all over again.
Right?
And we don't think about that
if I saw a laser the first time,
and let's say it
was 100 years ago,
I'd have no language for it.
Right?
In the same way a speaker or
a TV or anything like that.
>>SMITH: Right.
It would be witchcraft.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
But every one of
those is a technology
that somebody couldn't explain.
And even if they did, it
was in their local language.
And there's no way to know
exactly what they knew.
We find little pieces
of it in archeology.
And of course,
archeology hides all
that because it
disrupts the narrative.
Right?
And that narrative is
practiced like our scientists.
They do progression.
They do not do invention.
They do not do leaps
of consciousness.
We say all inventions come
from outside of the discipline.
Because once you have
a laser, now Los Alamos
and everybody else
got in the game.
And oh, we can use it for this.
And we can make gas lasers.
And we can make this
laser and that laser.
And all those technologies
then look for an application.
And I think the applications
over history have been there.
I just don't think
that anybody's
alive to talk about it or
there are any records of it.
Because if you take the
scientific community
throughout history, it literally
evolved into a priesthood.
And don't think that
science today hasn't
evolved into a priesthood.
Because they're in the process
of creating their own gods,
like AI and different things.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
Coming from within.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yep.
>>SMITH: Instead of saying, oh,
we're getting it from out here
or there, most of
this information
is accessible from you yourself
because you are everything.
>>VEITENHEIMER: The language
is, I didn't invent this.
The language is, it
was available to me
through whatever process and
through whatever connections.
And really, I
think all knowledge
comes through connections.
I don't think it's like
an intuitive thing.
I think it more on the order
of what Sheldrake talks about
is a field of knowledge that
you stumbled into, bumped
your head, got drunk that
night, did something.
And all you knew is you wrote
down a formula that night.
And the next
morning, you're like,
hmm, let's see how this works.
>>SMITH: So how are
these ET technologies
merging with the
technologies we have today?
And where's it going?
And how did it begin?
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's
actually pretty easy.
It's always been there.
Right?
If you take the
concept that there's
been prior civilizations, if
you extend it, and time kind
of runs both
directions and physics,
then there's civilizations
that are out ahead of us.
And then if you throw
time out the window,
we're kind of involved
in all of them at once.
That's current theory.
But if you take a look at
that, then all knowledge
that comes to us
is pre-existing.
So the entire concept of,
I created this or thought
of this, becomes kind
of like, well, maybe,
but you created it from
a body of knowledge
that already exists.
Its potential exists.
I think this gets into like
D-wave technology on AI
and some other things we're not
going to get into right now.
>>SMITH: And
multidimensional existence.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
And so when we acquire that
knowledge, we're front running.
If you take the existing
technology of today,
obviously, our
research scientists
are front running
that knowledge.
They're trying to extend it.
But they're not jumping
out ahead necessarily
to bring in the next technology.
And that's where I think things
like the discovery of artifacts
and different sources
of information
that have been
largely ignored, which
is the fact that consciousness
itself explores the universe.
It's not just like we want to
send people out in spaceships.
We send our consciousness
out all the time.
And if we do that, and if
there are other civilizations,
then there would be an
exchange of information.
And if you read the history
about in the Mediterranean,
when it started, there
was all this trade.
And trade was trade
of information.
It was trade of technology.
It was trade of materials.
It was trade of
manufactured products.
What makes you think that's
changed in 3,000 years?
It's like it's the
same thing that
would happen with any other
race that we would encounter
or any other civilization.
That would be the
beginning of it.
It won't be like, hey, let's
exchange Facebook posts.
See you on Instagram.
Right?
>>SMITH: Sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Nobody
addresses all that.
They just, ah, there's
this technology.
But there's a
civilization behind it.
And one of things
in medicine we say,
it's not the disease you have.
I want to know
what kind of person
you are to have a disease.
So it gets into the
same kind of ideas.
It's we want to have the
technology because it improves
our abilities.
It extends our
range of experience.
It allows for
evolution or growth.
And so to me, it's
like people that
want to hide that
are like criminals.
>>SMITH: Right.
We see this every
day as far as, look
at this technology
from the first iPhone
to iPhone whatever it is,
10X, in such a fast time
because they already
have iPhone 100X.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: And they don't want
it to be released this quickly
because there's no money.
At what point do
you think that might
happen where enough
will be enough,
and we will get to a point to
allow the newer technologies
to be released a little faster?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The problem
becomes that the process
is well ingrained.
Like you say, on that iPhone
one, two, three, four, five,
six, and here we go.
If you examine
it, the technology
has to be there ahead
of the actual product.
So we have a lead time.
And those lead times
produce different products.
Different technologies are
able to be incorporated
into what we see and what we
do and how we do with things.
But the problem is that it's,
again, it's a progression.
They've locked
onto a progression,
even though they may
have stepped out there
10 generations ahead.
And it gets into the same
thing as our physics.
We operate like, OK,
Newtonian physics.
Then we go to
Einsteinian physics.
Then we go to quantum physics.
And now they're into
subquantum physics.
But there's more
physics out there.
And those are being dealt with.
They're being investigated.
But we don't have
knowledge of them.
They're not disseminated.
And so the answer
to your question
is all the outsiders out
there, like I know ones
with zero technology, zero
energy technology and all
this other stuff.
They're out there
inventing it right now.
It's just that
nobody knows them.
They don't get any press on it.
They don't get
any funding on it.
And generally, the ones
that do and you get noticed
don't know what
they're talking about.
>>SMITH: And who do you
think is the mass controller
of that tech?
>>VEITENHEIMER: I think
it's more of a group.
I don't think, at
a certain level,
you can point to an individual.
>>SMITH: No.
Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
But at some point
there's a very interesting
thing in the state of Colorado
there's 70 aerospace contractors
OK that's just in the Colorado
Springs Denver area.
In the world there are
about 70 space agencies.
Right?
You have countries
out there that
have their own space agency
that don't have maybe
roads or something.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But if you
take all that together,
you're looking at about
2.4 million people
are involved in space, space
exploration, space technology.
And it's interesting to me
that they use the word space
because, again, we're back
into that approximate reality
of an infinite knowledge
field that we all tap into.
So out of those
2.4 million people,
how many of them know
something we don't?
How many of them know something
or know a progression that
extends our ability to
leapfrog from a basic computer
all the way up to a Mac or to a
D-3 computer or an AI computer.
>>SMITH: Because recently,
they're slowly coming out with,
well, we can teletransport
this atom over
to this area over here.
And can you explain
teletransportation on the Earth
scientific level now, before we
get into the ET level of that?
>>VEITENHEIMER: They're
giving you old knowledge.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
You might as well
be watching black
and white TV as far
as the technology
they're presenting to us.
So--
>>SMITH: Yeah, they did
that back in "Star Trek."
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah,
all the programs.
The thing about "Star
Trek" and "Star Wars"
and all the other science
fiction movies is they
were presenting
their imagination.
And now it's taken
50 years to catch up
with their imagination.
And that's why you need
not creative thinking,
but you need what
they call makers now.
I call them creators
just for fun.
But it's that marriage again
of the idea and an engineer,
somebody who actually
like, let me sit down.
Give me a little
warehouse or a garage.
Let me put these
things together.
But the technology
is very simple.
We've gone beyond
20 years ago, I
think is when they first
did the teleportation
of the atoms and stuff.
And people, they want to
go, well, explain all that.
And I go, no.
Go do your homework.
I don't have time
to explain all that.
But you can go look it up.
And if you take from where
that was to where we are now,
now you're getting into a fifth
level physics of translation.
Because when you move that
atom to the other space,
you have translated space.
That's translation physics.
It's something not
very well talked about
because there is no reason
to create a chemical rocket.
You can do translation physics
and go from here to there.
And I have experiences of
that and could talk about that
some time.
And then you go into
transformation physics.
And that would be
the next level.
And that's why when we look at
any kind of civilization, ET,
anything like that, we're seeing
transformation and translation
physics at work.
So if we look at the
progression of physics,
just like we look at the
progression of an iPhone
and the current model,
it's like you're
seeing just a current perceptual
model of the universe.
And we've abandoned four
or five of them already.
But what makes you
think that DARPA
and various other
corporations and stuff are not
working at physics level six,
seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12,
13, 14, 15?
I think the current level
of physics is level 15.
I think that everything between
here and there is hidden.
I think it's unavailable
except it's all in the field.
If they've had a
thought about it,
if they produced a prototype,
that information is available.
And you can tap into that field.
You can tap into that knowledge
because it occurs and comes
to other people who are
outside of those domains,
outside of those organizations.
And those are the ones that
are inventing zero energy
technology, zero point energy.
>>SMITH: Sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Those are the ones
that are taking lasers and
making them into things
that are tools for health.
And it wasn't the corporations.
It wasn't the military
that was doing that.
They were looking at strictly
military application.
But back to the
Mediterranean, trade
was the deal, knowledge and
trade and things that made life
either more fun or more better.
>>SMITH: Right, right.
What I've noticed is
whatever that computer
is that you're looking
at, like you said
was the iPhone, that's just
a dimension of a frequency
of a form of a sound.
And the best way I could put
it is frequency and form.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Yeah, I mean, you're
talking transformation physics.
It's very simple.
And that is the
ability to transform
substances, which is originally
called alchemy or chemical.
And but then if you
move it right along,
it's the ability to manipulate
the fields to produce
something.
Rain would be an idea.
Native Americans
did a rain dance.
They manipulated the
field and made it rain.
That's transformation physics.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And it was
done through vibration.
It was done through sound
and through consciousness.
>>SMITH: It's really,
a thunderstorm
is just it's this big.
It's so small, but it's there.
What was the most interesting
tech or experiment or thing
that you have seen on
the Earth as an outsider
looking in on some
of these projects,
and also just being
through all the stuff
that you've been involved with?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, a couple
of things, local reality.
If you go out on the res,
I lived there as a kid,
reality is a lot different.
Right?
In the same way that
we use computers here,
but they might not
be used in Ecuador
or in the jungle somewhere.
It would be beyond those people
to even have any concept of it.
And so if you look at local
reality then, what happens
is realize there are
no laws of physics.
I hate that when
they come up, well,
these are laws of
physics, Newtonian laws,
Einsteinian laws.
And then it's just
like you went out there
and it was written in stone.
And then they throw those away.
>>SMITH: And they throw away
and another one comes in.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah, and
then we have a new one.
But I think a precursor would
have to be Native Americans.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
in particular, I
use an example of the Zunis.
The Zunis do something.
They do a blessing ceremony.
It lasts.
For three days.
I could beat out
the rhythm of it
because it's banged into
my head after three days.
But what they did was
a group of people,
the medicine man and
others got together.
And for three days, they blessed
about 250,000 square miles.
They bless their land to
grow crops, to have rain,
to be productive.
And of all the ET things we
hear about, nobody ever comes
up and says, hey,
let me bless you.
Let me make your crops
grow, or let me--
we talk about crop circles,
but they don't want
to talk about making crops go.
They talk about all
this technology.
But never once do they say,
you could be healthier.
Where's the technology that
would come out of that?
So everybody becomes
fascinated with their toys
and not realizing that
there is a human hand that
is not only involved in it, but
is there to benefit from it.
And I think, again,
that's the crime
of withholding that technology
whatever its source.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
Right, right.
That was my next question.
You answered it.
Is it's an educational that
has to do with both the science
and the spiritual realm.
Wouldn't you say?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
Yes, definitely.
The science comes
out of the spiritual.
There's no way to separate it.
But the idea of making
AI a god or some
of the technology what I
call have godlike attributes
is a perversion.
It takes it away from the
fact that we're human beings.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And that our
consciousness has literally
been our resource.
It has been that which has
allowed us to develop and get
to this point.
What I think is that all
technology that's out there,
including that which comes
from the future, is extant.
It's available.
It's just that the
techniques to be
able to access that information,
you have to do some training.
Like I did all that
training I've done with you.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But it's
like that kind of training
allows you access
to that information
no matter where it is.
There are no secrets.
And so if you take about
2.4 million people that
are opposing the release and
advancement of things that
would help humanity, we're
sitting here with 500,000,
say, believers that, as a
group, they have no coherence.
They have not got into the
creator phase, the creator
and the engineering together.
And that's available
to everybody.
It only takes you and two other
people and go make a laser.
Go make anything.
>>SMITH: Form the idea
and the idea is real.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And then find somebody to play.
That's the language.
And that's the way I've
approached all this.
To me, it was all play.
From creating the lasers
to building rockets
to building nuclear reactors,
all this stuff is just play.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: As long
as it has a purpose
to improve humanity,
I'm all for it.
But if its purpose is
strictly for profit,
then it needs to be hidden.
And that's why today, you see
all the technology's hidden
because it's strictly
a matter of profits.
It's not a function
of the people.
It's not a function of humanity.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
Fascinating, Randy.
Thank you so much
for joining me.
And I'm your host Emery Smith.
And until next
time, stay vigilant.
[THEME MUSIC]